Warm man
Mingxuan lost his parents since he was a child
What he wants most is a warm and loving home
I originally wanted to give birth to three babies for him
It's hard to have one now
I have also consulted other experts about your situation.
Not as serious as you say
You will have children of your own in the future
What if there isn't?
If a man
Just so you can have children and marry you
Would you like to?
Of course not.
Two people together?
The most important thing is to live a good life
Can accompany each other
That's the warmest home, this child
Will grow up soon
Will become independent individuals
Just like you.
The wings are hard, even the marriage is up to you
Grandma can't stop you at all
If you marry the wrong person, you will be unhappy
How worried is grandma to leave one day?
grandma
I'm sorry, but it's not all your fault.
Let Xuanxuan marry you
The selfishness of me and my old friend
What selfishness
We were in the same university
Since you are alumni
We are still each other's first love
What? You're still your first lovers?
Yes!
Then why didn't you get together later?